{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8400\viewh17620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
//\
// mv_3dfindobj.c - finds objects in a 3D image, where objects are 26-connected\
//                regions of above-threshold voxels.\
//\
// Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Meel Velliste, Carnegie Mellon University\
//\
// created:	13-14 Jan 2000\
//\
// modification history:\
//              22 Jun 2000 MV: Added code to increase stack size to cope\
//                              with larger images\
//              05 Sept 2000 MV: Separated feature calculations from obj-\
//                               ect finding. Created a MEX interface and\
//                               removed standalone interface\
//              Spring 2002 MV: Implemented initial background detection, so as\
//                              to avoid building up a huge stack when finding\
//                              the background as a hole.\
//              17-24 May 2002 MV: Implemented a standalone interface again\
//              05 July 2002 MV: Added the option of excluding objects below\
//                               a certain size. Improved memory efficiency.\
//                               Improved source code layout by grouping \
//                               functions for easier readability.\
//\
// Version 1.8\
//\
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
// Every voxel is an unsigned char or a signed/unsigned short.\
// Image is gray level type (0..255) or (0..4095) or (0..16383) or (0..65535) etc.\
// Thresholding: WHITE = GrayLevel > THRESHOLD, BLACK = GrayLevel < THRESHOLD.\
// GrayLevel = THRESHOLD is used to encode voxels that have already been considered\
// so that they will not be counted twice.\
// Therefore initially all voxels which = THRESHOLD are set to THRESHOLD+1;}